h1. Tropo AudioFiles to Amazon S3 Server

h2. Overview

This app provides a Web Service written with <a href='http://sinatrarb.com'>Sinatra</a> to allow for files recorded on Tropo to be pushed from the Tropo cloud to <a href='http://aws.amazon.com/s3/'>Amazon S3</a>. This application may be run on your own servers or easily deployed to <a href='http://heroku.com'>Heroku</a>.

h2. Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.6+
* Gems
** Sinatra 0.9.2+
* Amazon S3 Account
* Optional
** Heroku Account
** Gems
*** Heroku 1.1+

h2. Installation

First, get the app:

<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/voxeo/tropo-audiofiles-to-s3.git</code></pre>

Copy the sample configuration file for Amazon S3:

<pre><code>cp ~/application-directory/config/amazon_s3.yml.sample ~/application-directory/config/amazon_s3.yml</code></pre>

Install the required gems:

<pre><code>sudo gem install sinatra aws-s3 heroku</code></pre>

h2. Configuration

Configure your Amazon S3 Bucket, Access Key and Secret Access key here:

<pre><code>~/application-directory/config/amazon_s3.yml</code></pre>

h3. Running on Your Own Server

To run the app you may do the following:

<pre><code>ruby ~/application-directory/tropo-audiofiles-to-s3.rb</code></pre>

h4. Deploying to Heroku

It is possible to push this app to be hosted by Heroku. First you will need a Heroku account and the Heroku gem:

<pre><code>sudo gem install heroku</code></pre>

After you have cloned the repo from Github above, you may do the following:

<pre><code>cd ~/application-directory
heroku create my-app-name
git push heroku master
</code></pre>

(More from Heroku <a href='http://blog.heroku.com/archives/2009/3/5/32_deploy_merb_sinatra_or_any_rack_app_to_heroku/'>here</a>)

Thats it, you may now start using the URL <a href='http://my-app-name.heroku.com/post_audio_to_s3'>http://my-app-name.heroku.com/post_audio_to_s3</a>.
